Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
So, Father, we just lift up the body before you.
Y'all take communion with us.
We're going to take communion.
We're going to pray a little bit here.
We thank you, Lord, that you said you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we lift up this body, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that you took it all on the cross for us: all sickness, all disease, nothing shall by any means hurt us.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for your healing power that flows over us.
So, Father, we lift up the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we make much of the blood today.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that the bloodline covers around our house.
Father, every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood, and that we're in the right place at the right time, Father, doing exactly what you've called us to do for such a time as this.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that whatever the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good and our favor, because we are in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you want us to do in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
Amen.
And amen, Lord.
Now, Lord, if there's anything you want to show us about the future, what's coming, Lord, here we are.
Send us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, we give you glory and honor and praise, and we thank you, Father.
And as we pray in the Spirit, we yield ourselves over with a brand new tongue.
And we thank you, Lord, that Father, if you have something to show us about what's coming, you'll show us.
And we'll not be snared by any familiar spirit, demonic spirit of any kind.
There won't be any kind of demonic spirit influence in our visions or anything that you show us, Father, because we are led by the Spirit.
For those who are the sons of God are led by the Spirit of God.
And we believe that we are the sons and the daughters of God.
And we believe we are led by the Spirit of God.
For those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
We believe it.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
And we praise you, God, right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Jesus, right now in Jesus' name for all that you have planned, all that's coming.
We call in the revival.
We call in the revival for today, because today—don't become familiar with the miracles that you see.
That's what the Lord's saying.
And there will be mockers, the mockers of it.
I see a parting of the Red Sea concerning your circumstances.
I see the waves splitting.
And there's many of you that are just stepping out into the water of your circumstance.
And God is going to part that sea in front of you.
And what would be impossible to cross over will become possible over dry land.
God's moving your sea out of your way.
Do you understand?
I see a sea splitting in front of many of you.
Step out by faith.
And he's moving that sea right now in the name of Jesus.
And I see that sea splitting, for there are more of them with us than there are with them.
There's more with us than there are with them.
That's what it's going to be like for a lot of you.
It's going to be like a parting of the Red Sea.
It will be that much of a change in your circumstances, in your household.
It will be a parting of the Red Sea.
Now, I see people who are morbidly obese—morbid, I'm talking morbid.
Like I'm heavy, but these people are very morbid.
And they say, 'I've been this way my whole life.
I've been this way for so long.
I'll never get to go and be part of the revival.
I can't get around.
I can't do this thing.
My body's falling apart because of this obesity.
' And the Lord said he's splitting this Red Sea concerning you, supernatural help with your weight and what you're doing.
I receive that for me, Lord.
I receive hormone balance.
I receive healing over my body.
I receive it in the name of Jesus.
I see what you're doing, Father, for these people.
They're in chairs, they're very heavy, they need a creative miracle in their life because of the decisions they've made.
God's parting your Red Sea.
God's parting your circumstances.
And as you go, I see the glory over Living Word again.
I see the glory over Living Word—that church.
I see the glory of the fountain.
It's a glory cloud.
I see a glory mist.
I see a mist in the midst of them.
I see a mist in that church—a mist, a mist of the glory.
I see a mist around the altar.
I see a mist down the aisles.
I see a mist, a glorious mist.
I see misty mist, but this is gold dust.
There'll be like—not flaky, I'm not talking about flaky stuff, man-made—I'm talking about actual glory dust on the people, glory dust.
There's been abuse in the past concerning this, but there's a brand new wave of this coming.
The Lord said there's a brand new wave of glory dust.
And then people say, 'Well, people got carried away and tried to make things up.
' I'm trying to tell you there's an authentic move of God about to take place in Living Word—glory dust.
It's like gold dust on the people's skin.
It looks like glitter.
I'm telling you, I see it.
I'm talking signs and wonders.
Signs and wonders will follow them.
Now, I don't know why the Lord keeps bringing up this church to me.
I'm like probably seven, eight hundred miles away from them or more.
But I'm telling you, there's something going to start with this place.
There's something going to start.
You all need to have expectation.
If you go to this church, have expectation, for I'm talking—I'm seeing rays of light.
I'm seeing rays of light up in the atmosphere of this place.
I see rays of light.
These rays of light of creative miracles.
If you do not squash this, don't kill it with the way you think you should do it.
I'm talking people coming from everywhere.
It's like a kickoff.
There was prayer, there was great prayer there at another level, and it's not there like it used to be, but the Lord's bringing it back to where it was.
Now, I'm not just saying what I just saw, but the Lord said, 'I'm bringing another level of prayer, a greater level of prayer, a stirring of a level of prayer in this foundation of this church, of a greater level of prayer.
' It was there, but now I'm going to stir it up again.
A level of prayer.
They have prayer, I'm sure, but I'm telling you, there's a level of prayer, a level.
It's like a water level, a table water level.
And the Lord showed me there's ankle-deep, there's waist-deep, and there's over the head.
Do you understand?
And the Lord said this level of prayer is coming back with new voices, younger voices, younger impartation in these voices.
There's younger—I see younger women, impartation in the youth, impartation in a new generation.
I see a new generation of prayer warriors rising up where people say, 'I'm tired.
' I'm tired.
I've pushed hard all my life.
But there's coming new legs.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing new legs.
I'm bringing new, young bodies.
We must finish the job with great victory.
Finish the job.
" And the elders lean back and rest and teach the younger.
It's not so much in the forefront, but behind the scenes helping.
Push, push, push.
You can do this.
Cheerleader.
You see, I see elders pushing, pushing.
You can do this.
Teaching, impartation.
The season of impartation.
The Lord said this is a season of impartation.
Passing on the torch.
When you reach over and you grab the torch and you keep running, you don't stop in the stride.
An Olympic runner doesn't stop; they're running and they pass the baton and keep running.
And that's what I'm seeing in the spirit realm right now, as the person is barely looking over their shoulder to grab a hold of the baton and to keep running.
We're out of time.
And I see a passing of the baton of a new generation of prayer warriors coming forth, of younger legs.
And now I'm seeing Paris, France for some reason.
I don't know what this is involved with, but a new wave of the glory in Paris, France praying it forth through this in Paris, France.
I see a group of people, and there are some men there, but there's mainly women.
And I see prayer groups in Europe, in France, and it's almost like they're connected to this living word somehow.
I don't know, I'm just saying there's something to this.
There's prayers here, these prayer warriors in both places, and they will bring forth revival in both places—France, Minnesota.
That's what I'm seeing.
But this group of prayer intercessors, there's a couple of elders in there, but they're younger.
They're young; I would say they're in their 20s, 30s, and there are some elders.
Do you understand?
I don't know, I try to give you all the details of what I'm seeing so it makes sense to you what I'm praying right now.
It's impartation.
The Lord's telling me there's a parting of things fixing to take place.
I see the glory cloud.
Now, I do not know much about this church.
I'm just telling you, I watched Sister Lynn and her old videos, but I do not know what goes on in this church right now.
I don't know, I'm just telling y'all.
But I'm telling you, because I don't know—I believe they're a good church, but I'm just saying what I see is the glory cloud, a mist, and gold dust on people.
And there's something going to cultivate out of this area, a cultivation that will spread even into Europe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for what you're showing me.
I see it again—an impartation of what was in this one into this one.
Spreading it, catching the fire inside, catching it.
A new enthusiasm.
It's like the wave is trying to bring back—and I'm going to say it like this: I see the wave that's trying to bring back, and it looks like the church is drying up in some ways, and the wave is coming back, but it's getting ready for another wave.
Do you understand?
This is what I hear the spirit of the Lord say.
It looks like there's a drawing back, almost like a drying up of the people coming to this church, a receding like a wave.
But I hear the word of the Lord say, 'There's another wave.
' As the wave is pulling back from what was, there's another wave.
'I'm not done with this place.
I'm not done with this place,' the Lord said.
'There's too much foundation.
There's too much richness here, and what looks like it's drying up will soon become another wave.
But this wave,' the spirit of the Lord says, 'this wave will be even greater than anything that's ever been here before.
For this is the foundation.
The foundation that was laid will be for what's about to come through the door.
A great tsunami wave of the glory of God is about to hit this place.
' And you say, 'Well, it seems like it's drying up.
' No, that's the wave receding and getting ready for the next one.
You see the wave?
It seems like it's drying up.
Well, it's not like what it used to be.
The Lord said, 'You say, "Well, it's not like what it used to be," but that was the wave then, and I'm going to do another wave.
' And the wave is pulling back, and I'm about to create another greater wave over this church.
The Lord says, 'Go!
New revelation, new manifestation of the word over the pastoral staff.
A place of refuge, a place of refreshing, a place of my glory.
' I see the building is on fire with the glory of God, the glory of God on their worship—a new level of worship, a divinely orchestrated worship.
This will spread all over this state.
There's a reason why the Lord brings this up to us today.
It's about Minnesota.
Do you understand?
The Lord said it's about Minnesota.
'The greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
' Remember what He says right now: 'The greater the blue over Minneapolis, Minnesota.
There will be a great revival.
There will be a great manifestation of the glory that people have turned their back on.
They said, "Oh well, it's over.
It's done for.
" No, the Lord is standing at the door.
And the greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
' And as this place rises up in Minnesota, a great move of God is coming, and it will spread like a tidal wave.
But it will not just be one way; it'll be always, like when you drop a major stone in the water, it will spread always—a ripple, a ripple, but a tsunami wave of the fire and the glory.
I see outreach.
I see outreach on these buses full of people, and outreaches popping up.
I see school buses full of people in a community rising up, going into—as they come, they will come.
The Lord said, 'They will come.
They will come.
' This church has such a rich heritage.
The soil is rich.
I see soil below the floor of this church, and it's beautiful, like rich soil.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Watch what happens.
Watch this soil.
You're going to drop the...
Glory to God!
I see the sprouting of this church.
There are corn plants, and they're bringing forth all around inside.
And this is what's interesting: it's inside of the building.
There are cornstalks coming up all inside of the building.
As I'm seeing right now in the spirit realm, I see cornstalks coming up all inside of the building.
For the seeds they laid in the past are going to start to come to harvest at last.
And the Lord said a great manifestation of the glory of the seeds—the prayer seeds went dormant for a season.
But the Lord says, 'I'm bringing life on those seeds again after the dormant season.
They were planted for now.
They weren't planted for then.
They sowed them then, and they're going to reap them now.
' The Lord said, 'And I see the dirt.
I see the dirt has sprung forth great fruit in the name of Jesus coming out of this church, and there will be.
' Oh goodness, my baby.
I see it.
Now I see those plants springing forth, but I see beautiful glistening water that's reaching, that is going throughout those plants.
And there's a living water source.
There's a living water source that will not let these plants dry.
They'll not die.
But they're seeds that were planted in the past, from decades ago.
They were planted in this ground of prayer, cultivated in prayer.
And I see Lynn, she's young.
I see her a lot younger, planting, planting, planting, planting.
And there's a prayer group of women, and they are planting, planting, and they didn't see the manifestations of what they thought they would see for the cultivation of prayer that they sowed.
But I'm telling you, they weren't planting for then.
The Lord said they were planting for the now and the seeds they sowed.
Even when Lucy was on the earth, these manifestations of the glory, they were sowing for the future, and what they're going to reap now and in the future.
Some of these sowers have gone home.
The Lord says, but they're reaping their reward in heaven.
They're reaping their reward.
But the seeds of these elders that have prayed and they've gone home, I see these seeds they planted.
There's a whole field of seeds, but it's inside the church, and it was through prayers.
And the glory from the past will hold nothing compared to what's about to take place because of the seeds they sowed.
This is what I see.
And folks, I do not know why the Lord just had me on this road right now.
It doesn't matter; I just flow with Him.
I just want you to link up with me and help me.
I'm telling you what the Lord says about this church.
They're seeds.
Do you understand?
And I see them; they sowed them, and now they're going to reap them.
And this is going to be with a lot of you.
The Lord said, 'This is not just for them, this will be for a lot of you.
You sowed in tears and you're going to reap in joy.
' There's many of you that sowed in ministry in tears throughout your ministries all throughout America.
I see South America right now.
I see churches in South America.
You sowed in tears over the decades, but you're about to reap your harvest in joy.
There's a springing forth of old seeds that you thought had been forgotten.
But I'm telling you, the seeds you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
For the sower and the reaper are going to go hand in hand, and the manifestation of what you've been standing for all these decades, for how long, you're going to get your manifestation.
And this will be for the sons and the daughters and the glorious church that you've been sowing into, the manifestation of the glory of God is coming on this earth like ripe cherries on a tree.
Watch what God's going to do.
It's going to bring them to their knees.
Glory to God!
It's time to get excited.
I see the manifestation of the prayers.
The rain is coming, the former and the latter rain together.
Oh, can these bones live?
Ladies and gentlemen, you've got to speak to the dry bones, the valley of the dry bones.
Can these bones live?
And remember the vision He showed us.
The dam broke and the water flowed through the valley and the glory of the Lord brought them all back.
The lukewarm and the spiritually dead are coming back to life.
Can these bones live?
The Lord wants you to know they can.
The seeds they sowed, babe.
The seeds they sowed.
And I see so many prayer generals that didn't get to see the manifestation—the Rachel Teafatiller, the people who sowed in Collinsville, our church, they sowed and sowed and sowed, they sowed and sowed, they sowed and they believed for the manifestation and they didn't see it.
They went home, but they did not sow in vain.
They didn't sow in vain, for the harvest is plentiful.
And I'm telling you, the glory that they sowed, the tears they sowed in prayer, they're about to see it be reaped in heaven.
The great cloud of witnesses, they're going to watch this.
I see it like Azusa Street.
I see Azusa Street and it will go coast to coast around the world.
Azusa Street will be around the world for a great reawakening, a great revival.
A great revival is coming.
Get ready for the harvest.
You got discouraged and you got weary in well-doing.
But I'm telling you, as the waves seen over the last several years, the water seemed to be even pulling back, even since COVID, the congregation seemed to be drying up.
Where is everybody going?
Where did everybody go?
The water came back.
But I'm telling you, the Spirit of the Lord said, 'A great new wave over the congregation of people is about to come back.
A shaking to awaken is coming.
' That's what the Lord said.
He's about to shake this earth, and people are going to come, and it will be a Holy Ghost Woodstock.
Oh, glory to God!
And in the fields and out in the country, I'm telling you, brush arbor churches, people are hungry.
The authentic is about to become upfront.
For I see people departing.
I see elders departing again, some elders departing, getting ready to go home.
I see specific ones.
Now, I'm not saying who—the Lord doesn't allow me to do this—but I see people that are getting ready to go home.
They've finished their race, they've finished their course, they've fought the good fight.
And promotion is coming, a passing of the baton, you understand?
They'll go and they're going to get promoted, and they'll cheer on the other side.
There's going to be a round of people going home again, I see this.
But this is not judgment in this area; this is people just finishing their race.
You need to know that.
I see people going home again.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong, I'm just taking a break and just looking at it all.
I see the next wave, a wave of the glory hitting California.
People are abandoning California.
But I'm telling you, there's a wave of glory coming to California.
Yes, there's a shaking.
Yes, there's great earthquakes.
Yes, there's Hollywood—I see Hollywood being judged, I see the porn industry being judged, I see pedophilia rings being judged.
But I'm telling you, a great shaking, a drying up of the filth that they display.
I'm talking about filth, like a shriveling of these industries.
Because do you know in the Welsh revival that the bars closed, but they had to retrain the mules because people didn't cuss anymore and the mules didn't understand how to hear the miners?
They all got born again.
So in the same aspect, there's so much filth in Hollywood that those industries are going to corrupt—the porn industries are in trouble.
I'm talking about the glory of the Lord coming in a way that we've not seen before, and what was on people's taste buds before is going to dry up.
That's what I'm hearing the Spirit of the Lord say.
I'm talking about where there was so much perversion with sexual stuff, you're going to see a glorious church rise, and there'll be a window—I'm not saying it's going to last forever—but a window of opportunity for a lot of people that are going to be running in.
They're going to be worshiping the Lord in these big coliseums.
I see coliseums full of young people right now.
I see people turning their back on this stuff as they run to the altar.
And there'll be a season of great revival.
I'm talking about Azusa streets everywhere.
Not just one place in California, but many Azusa streets in Minnesota, Living Word, Collinsville, Eagle Mountain, Branson, and all these places.
There'll be many; it'll be like Azusa streets.
He's going to pour out His Spirit, and it's not going to be just one place.
It's going to be multiple places, and people are going to come from everywhere to see these Holy Ghost meetings.
I'm telling you, what I see today right now is amazing, and I want you to get excited.
And the Lord said, "This is not about America; it's about a worldwide revival.
Expect it for your church in Asia.
Expect it for your church in South America, all throughout Africa, all throughout Europe, and all throughout the Middle East.
Expect Holy Ghost Azusa streets to take place all throughout the world.
My gospel will be preached throughout the whole world as a witness, and then the end shall come.
" But I'm telling you, the glory of God is coming in a way that we have never seen before.
Expect it throughout Mexico.
Expect it throughout South America.
Expect it throughout Australia.
The glory of the Lord is moving on this earth like we've never seen before.
Glory to God!
He says, "I have not forgotten Asia.
Brandon, I have not forgotten Asia.
I'm going to pour out my Spirit upon the Asian communities and all throughout Africa.
" In the bush of Africa and in India, I see them coming in by the hundreds, if not thousands, if not millions.
I see fields full of people in India and Pakistan, a whole area full of revival, fields full.
They cannot stop what's about to take place.
There's no devil in hell that can stand in the way.
The seeds that were sown are about to spring forth, decades of prayer.
I'm talking, I would say, clear back in the 1700s, even when the Pilgrims came here, prayer to be one nation under God.
They prayed we would have revival, that this would be a land full of revival.
There are prayers that God has; they still go before the Lord's throne, and they have not been forgotten.
He didn't say, "Well, I forgot about those prayers.
" No, those prayers were sown in tears, and we're about to see the seeds that were sown.
You're about to see the reward, the great fruit of them.
Prayers are like seeds.
The Lord said prayers are like seeds; they don't die.
Seeds don't die; seeds get planted.
And just because you didn't see the manifestation of that seed grow in your time doesn't mean that it never got planted.
A seed gets planted in the ground, and that's what He's showing me.
Even now, the seeds are getting planted.
They got planted through prayer, through revival, and through what we are cultivating.
And then all of a sudden, when people thought it wouldn't happen, that Holy Ghost is going to hit the water, and those seeds are going to sprout their plants.
And that's what I was seeing even in that church.
But this is what's happening worldwide.
Great seeds.
Seeds don't die; they get planted.
And just because you didn't see the manifestation when you thought you would, don't give up on the seeds.
They didn't die before the Father's throne.
Hallelujah!
Somebody better get excited in here.
I'm telling you, there is going to be a manifestation of the seeds we've sown in the past that are going to come to harvest at last.
And the glory of the Lord is coming on another mighty wave.
The water seemed so dry, and it's like, "What's going on?
" But He said, "It seems the driest right now because, get ready, the wave is coming.
" It's a receding, even more since COVID—a receding, a receding.
People stopped going to church; they did online church all over.
It seemed like the church really went stagnant, like, "Where is the glory?
What's going on?
" We're just seeing the first drops of a new rain, but I'm telling you, it's a mighty rushing wave, a wind, a rushing wave of revival coming back and pouring out on the people.
That's that wave that I saw on the edge of heaven when I went to heaven with Jesus.
And I said, "Well, Lord, what is that?
" And He said, "That's the last outpouring.
It's at a breaking point.
Get ready.
" And now He's bringing it up again.
Get ready: a major wind, a major wave, a major—can these bones live, Brandon, like you said, how many prayers ago?
Hallelujah!
Glory to God.
Thank You, Father.
Let's just give Him praise right now.
Father, we just praise You.
Thank You, Lord, for what You're showing us tonight.
Thank You, Lord, for all the manifestations of the glory.
Thank You for Living Word.
Thank You for Collinsville.
Thank You for Branson.
Thank You, Lord, for Mobile, Alabama, Atlanta, Tennessee, and for what You're going to do out in Las Vegas when I saw the casinos on fire for God, and all the things that are going to happen in Hollywood.
God, I thank You, Lord, that this is just the beginning.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that this is coming now.
Father, we'll start to see the manifestations: first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
Glory to God!
It's time to get excited.
What seemed to be a stagnant season, I'm telling you, you better get ready.
Your church better get ready.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
I'm excited.
That got me excited.
I don't even go up there; maybe we'll visit.
For sure, we'll visit!
When all that's going on, I want to stay a couple of weeks.
I'll pack up and go there; I want to see that.
I know that the Lord showed me Collinsville, too, Diana.
I'm telling you, there and Branson and Eagle Mountain and all these other places, you're going to see it.
Hallelujah!
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, for what You show us.
Thank You, Lord, for what You're going to do.
Thank You, Lord, that if You be lifted up, You said You will draw all men unto You, Father, that the people will come like moths to a light.
Father, You've not forgotten this generation.
Father, we'll see it even at Andrew Wommack's Church.
We'll see it at Charis Bible College.
We're going to see it throughout the whole world.
God, we are expecting a major move of the Spirit of God like never before.
Thank You, Lord.
I don't know, I saw right then when I said that, I saw Charis Bible College.
I'm telling you, God's going to do something major with Andrew Wommack in that Charis Bible College.
I just saw it right then in the spirit.
I saw a glory tidal wave hitting Charis Bible College.
And I'm telling you, God's going to do something in Colorado Springs.
God's going to do—the bluer the blue, the greater the harvest.
Watch what He does.
A major move of God will come to Charis Bible College with Andrew Wommack's school.
We're there.
God's just putting people in position.
Do you understand?
He's getting the people ready.
The harvesters are getting in position right now.
We're cultivating.
We're on the potter's wheel.
It feels like it's been such a long season even for Diana and I where we have been in that refiner's fire.
It feels like, and I told her even the last couple of months, I said, "I feel like I have been through a pressure cooker, but we're getting ready.
" God's getting us ready.
The harvesters are getting ready, and it's about to be something amazing.
I am so excited about what I'm seeing tonight.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
He's cleaning.
He said, "Judgment begins in my house first, Brandon.
I told you that.
Cleaning of the house.
" There's a cleaning of the house going on right now, and you're going to see even more in the days ahead.
A cleaning of the house.
As it's getting clean, you're going to see the new Davids, new Esthers, new people rise up.
He's getting ready, and it's going to pass.
Watch what happens with this.
Glory to God.
This has been fun.
I've enjoyed this prayer time.
I don't want to let it go.
I'm just like, 'Show me some more, you know?
' Hallelujah.
When the vision stopped, I was like, 'No, hold on.
Let's keep going in that.
' That was fun.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for what you have in store.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that you're going to do it again.
Thank you, Lord, for the wave that seems to be fading back.
Father, you're going to pour out another tsunami wave over our land.
Glory to God, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Use us, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're people, vessels that are ready and able to be used in the end-time outpouring.
We will be those vessels that are ready, willing, and obedient, that will eat the good of the land.
Hallelujah.
We'll be those people that have our catcher's mitts, our nets.
We're not just boats with fishing poles; we have nets, and we're catching them.
We're catching the fish.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
We're a fleet of fishing boats.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God for impartation.
Thank you, Lord.
We're here.
We're ready, Lord.
Use us.
We want to be helping you, Father, but we need the spark.
We got it on another level.
A spark, Father, so that people will see the glory on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a new wave, a new river, a new wave of the presence of God, a new foundation of the glory.
Oh Lord, thank you, Lord, for our elders that planted those seeds.
Thank you, Lord, for the people who planted those seeds.
They're not even here anymore.
Thank you, Lord, for the people who sacrificed in tears.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We don't forget them.
We don't forget the sacrifice.
We thank you, Lord, for every single prayer they prayed.
I thank you, Lord, that it was a seed before your throne.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's time to reap.
Father, the seeds they sowed, we get the pleasure to reap them.
We get to see the fruit of those plants, but we get to be the ones that reap them.
They may have just planted, some watered, and some bring forth increase.
Remember that the Lord just said that scripture.
He said, 'Brandon, some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
' It's time to bring forth the increase.
You're the one that's going to bring forth the increase.
Bring it forth.
Be excited about it; I chose you to help bring it forth.
You didn't have to plant, you didn't have to water it, you get to bring forth the increase.
Glory to God.
We got chosen for such a time as this.
Thank you, Lord, for the planters.
Thank you for the waterers.
And thank you, Lord, that we're the harvesters.
What a generation we are!
Glory to God.
It's time to get excited.
Shake off all that depression.
Shake off all that despair.
Yeah, the waters seem to be receding, but get ready.
There's a great, mighty wave.
A mighty wave of his presence is about to hit your church.
It's time to be excited.
Start rejoicing over it.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Well, I'm glad I showed up today.
Are you?
I'm glad I came to this prayer meeting today.
Thank you for praying with us.
Thank you for being here.
I'm so thankful that every single one of you would take your time and pray with us.
It's exciting to see what God is going to do, even for a church I don't even belong to.
Like I said, they're way up north.
I've never been there before.
But I'm just saying the Lord told me to pray for them, and I'm going to pray.
I'm obedient to what he said to do.
And I'm just like, 'Man, I get excited for them.
' And I don't even know these people.
I don't know them at all.
I've seen them before on YouTube, but I don't know them.
I've never been to their church, never had anything to do with them before, but they sound like cool people.
I'm just like, 'Hey, let's get excited about it.
' I go to Collinsville.
I mean, you know, we're part of the body of the church praying at Collinsville.
We're praying tonight for revival at our church, at Glory's Church, but we're just praying and we're believing.
This shows what we're sowing and helping them out as we're praying for them.
God's giving it to us.
Your prayers—it's not just praying for that, but you're doing something bigger.
Do you understand?
It's like we're sowing.
We're praying for their church, but we're believing God for our church.
Praying the Father's heart.
Yes, praying the Father's heart.
There's something about it, though.
And I'm telling you, I'm just excited about it.
Look at what the Lord does with this little YouTube channel.
Isn't that fun?
That's fun.
I say, 'Okay, Lord, here am I.
I don't get it, but I love you and I'll do it.
' I'm happy you all showed up today.
I guess that's what we had, huh?
Going to end it there.
It's wonderful.
Yeah, Jesus is wonderful.
Brother Hagin's prayers.
I could see all our generals, Jeannie Wilkerson, all of them—they prayed and prayed, but they never saw the manifestation of what we're about to see.
Now, they saw some cool stuff in the '80s, right?
They saw some revival in the '50s, but you don't have a clue of what we're about to see.
They may have seen a tent revival.
They may have been rebirthed out of Azusa Street, and they saw some cool stuff in Azusa Street, but there was one place; it wasn't multiple.
Then you had John G.
Lake and all the greats come out of Azusa Street, right?
And you saw this, but what God is about to do, ladies and gentlemen, is bigger than Azusa Street.
Those seeds they sowed and saw fruit from were nothing compared to the fruit we're about to see.
You need to have your antenna of expectation out there as I close today.
Have it out there expecting God to do something big in your life.
'Well, I've heard that before, brother.
' No, I'm telling you, you've not seen what you're about to.
Nobody has.
OU is going to be a hub for a major revival.
Oh, I'm telling you, this is going to be fun.
Remember he said, 'Brandon, this is going to be days of fun.
The fun has just begun.
' Financial outpouring, financial glory.
Watch what he does.
And he said, 'The fun has just begun.
' And I'm like, I'm excited.
Let's do this.
So, if you're new here and you've never been to one of our videos, welcome.
Please subscribe.
We're believing for a million people to come and pray with us.
Subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, comment something nice down below.
Tell us if this video blessed you today and stirred you up.
We appreciate you being here, and we'll do many more.
This is what we're called to do.
Remember, we love you, we pray for you.
Thank you for helping us.
Thank you for praying for us.
Thank you for being a part of this YouTube community.
And we always close our broadcast by saying this to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart: Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.